Arrived in the last section, we have completed the about section of the result component.
In this section, we're going to complete the results of the page.
If you look at the final version of the project here.
You can see that we have and we need three informations.
One is the display you Earl.
One is the title.
And also, we have snippets at the bottom, but the snippets actually highlights the search we have,
for example, we search here nice.
The word nice is like a bolt.
All right, so if you says something else, for example, next, J.S..
We can see that the next U.S. turn is bold.
This is coming from the information of the.
Google API, if you look at the.
Our own sign.
Here, the local host three thousand, and if you open the console using F12 and we check the object,
we can see that each item.
The item array has 10 had 10 items.
You can see that the.
We have to we want to use this display.
Link here.
Or instead of this, we can use the format it URL.
Here doesn't matter.
Whatever, it's uh, it's both of them.
Let me increase the size, so this one is this one.
Then we have to format it.
You are out.
And finally, we have, uh, we can have the title, which is here.
And then are snippets and snippets is this is the normal snippet we have to HDMI stampedes, estimate
a snippet, stupid bolts, the search results, for example, I search minus the video.
As you can see, the world have noticed both.
But we cannot show this one in our.
JavaScript.
We need to pass this estimate.
So we're going to install a package called EdgeHTML, man, I think it's extremely.
React, passer.
So we're going to be getting to that in a moment.
So first, let's close this.
Counsel for now, and we go back to.
Our visual studio code.
So we need to go.
To the search that, yes, we are in the search, yes.
As you hear, we made this search result components, so we go to search results component.
And just under the P, which is related to this about, we're going to look through this results.
As I show you in the.
Console, the result that items is an array of 10 items, so we can look through the results.
That items.
By using Map.
And then now this map is going to gives us the each results.
We just needed to put inside parentheses and we get the all each result.
And then we can just directly reach her.
All right.
So here we can return a death.
Just always remember when you have math, you need to add a key.
So the key here would be, for example, result that's linked because the link is a unique things.
So it's it's going to be unique inside the 10 items.
So we use that link for the key.
So let's show, for example.
Result the title and check with our code is working, so we just say result the title.
If you refresh the page.
We're getting an error here.
So I think.
Let's check.
So we have apprentices here.
We are we have we missed one parenthesis, just something here.
Yeah, it's working now.
So now you can see we have 10 titles here.
Just to.
And then the other thing is, we want to get is just, for example, we can get a link.
And the next.
For example, we can't get this for Matthew.
You, Earl.
But this.
And the other thing we need is just the small snippets and HTML as the bits.
As you can see, it didn't bolt the the name just added the tech around it, so we need to pass this
one.
So let's install the package first.
So we stop the server using Contra see?
And we install a package called.
Etched cmll or hatch this Ash, the email reacts.
Parcel.
When we installed this.
We need to import.
They need to import it at the top, so we just import parts from.
The the name of the package is similar.
React, Pastor.
Now, if we.
Up.
If you wrap this result, that extremely snippet, we should.
Get the effect of the HMO tax.
So we're just here to say passer the openness parentheses, and we close it here.
Let's run the server using NPR and wrong there.
Uh.
Let's refresh the page.
Yeah, know, instead of getting to the TAC balls, yeah, we are really seeing that the name is bolt.
All right, that's is working.
So let's.
A start to our code.
So let's treat this fine, and we.
Instead of this, did we add another dear?
We want to know if you look at the final version.
Even we will hover over this link.
The title has the underlying.
If you're, for example, here, I'm hovering over the display link, but.
This link is has a underly we can achieve this one intelligence says, just using a device covering
both of these things and the add a class of group.
To it, and then instead of just saying hover, which just a group dash hover, let's do this in practice
and we see.
So we have a div and inside this there we have the attack, the attack, the the riff.
Or the destination link is resource that link.
Then we have.
Inside this.
A tag we have.
The result dot.
Just a formatted URL.
Formatted.
You are.
Then let's add another attack.
And each trip would be similar.
The result that link.
And inside this eight attack, instead of just writing directly something, I wanted to put it inside
edge to attack.
So I created it to try and to tag has a result, the title.
So just a result.
That type.
So now at the top, we have to just the formatted URL, then we have the title.
After this, we have, uh.
It outside this did this there, because as I mentioned, we wanted both of these have the hover effect,
so we added that there, but also this there we have a paragraph and inside the paragraph we just say.
Results dot HMO.
A snippet.
But if you remember, we we needed to pass this on to see the.
There's also perhaps this one by a passer.
Now we have the format and we have the timetable, and here is this snippet.
But let's style this a little bit.
Doesn't look like everything is squished together.
And I don't want this to come until here.
I want to limit it until here as well.
So we go to first, we start with the.
Live at the top here.
The one that has a key.
So here we just say Max with to limit the width of the.
Everything to explore, large.
No, this one doesn't go more than this.
All right.
Then we have the Martin button of.
Margin bottom of eight, so we have some space between.
Yeah, that's it for this one here, as I mentioned, we had a group because we want to have a hover
effect that if we hover in each of these items, we want to see the underline under the title.
Fodder for the attack.
If the first attack, we had a class name here.
And just to make the ticks a small.
And we going to truncated, I don't want if the link is too much.
I want to try and get that.
So here is sometimes the link is very large like this, and we truncated by it, that's.
And finally, we have.
Inside this a tank.
Let's.
At a class there.
And this is going to have this is we just want to see if someone hover over the group.
It means all this.
And there we want to add underly.
On July.
No, and see that when we hover at everything at above there we have on the line under the title.
Like this?
And at the end, we just add some classes here in the.
Edge to attack.
First, we truncated.
So we don't want it to be too long.
And just in case, and then we just change, it takes to be a little bit bigger.
It's large.
And then we can add to boldness using font or font medium.
And let's change the color to text blue.
Like eight hundred.
At this.
The problem is when we if you look at the underlying, the island is not blue, it's black, actually,
so we can hear when we.
Changed the scientists when we added the underline they can change the color of the on the line using
decoration.
Just for just a declaration.
Declaration, we changed the color to Blue.
800.
No, the underlined colors is blue to.
And let's change the color of the snippets, so the snippets in this paragraph at the end.
We've changed the color of the text to Gray.
Six hundred.
So it looks fine.
All right.
Well, let's.
Test this one.
If you look, if you click on this or any places at the top, there you should go to the related website.
So this is my profile, and we will explore this color.
So that's correct.
Everything looks fine, so let's add everything to get her by using get at.
Pitts commits to the message of.
Completes.
The results section and in-store.
It's tumor.
Reacts.
Pass.
And we push everything to get.
Let's check what we have done.
We refresh the page.
Here, and you should see that we have now 12 commits.
And the last one is complete the results section and install estimate react, pastor.
So we installed the Iraq parser.
This is the version one point four point eight.
The things we did here in the research results that, yes, we imported this package.
We looked through the result that items that map and then we looked through this using map method begun
to each result and we show it like a.
First, we created a group at a top.
Which has two links.
One.
Yeah.
Just a formatted euro and the one is the title.
And when we hover over each of them, we get the underlying.
Under the title.
And finally, we showed the snippets and the said using this package.
Yeah, that was it for the results section.
In the next section, we're going to start with the pagination.
So if if you look at here, we have next year and the first website is.
Next year, that authority.
But when we go to click on next, we go to the next page, which is different results.
And also, if you pay attention to the URL, we have an extra tanks.
Extra query called Start and when we click on next, this is start, no changes.
At the beginning is one and then get 11 twenty one.
And we keep continue, we go to 91, which is the Max one, because the Google API only provides you
with 100 results, so you cannot go more than 100.
So you're you're going to get an error.
But we limit that number to ninety one, so we never get an error.
And when we go to the last one?
Which is the ninety one?
We should actually.
Let me go.
Yeah, this is the last one when we go to the ninth one, which we don't see the next page, we only
see the previous one.
Right.
And when we're at the beginning.
If we don't have this thought.
We don't see the previous button.
So we're going to achieve this one in the next section.
So see you in the next section.